Split the Routing & Navigation article (#36145)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/fundamentals/navigation.md

export createQueryString = (string queryString) => new URLSearchParams(queryString);
```

For more information on JavaScript isolation with JavaScript modules, see <xref:blazor/js-interop/call-javascript-from-dotnet#javascript-isolation-in-javascript-modules>.

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-8.0"

## Hashed routing to named elements

Navigate to a named element using the following approaches with a hashed (`#`) reference to the element. Routes to elements within the component and routes to elements in external components use root-relative paths. A leading forward slash (`/`) is optional.

Examples for each of the following approaches demonstrate navigation to an element with an `id` of `targetElement` in the `Counter` component:

* Anchor element (`<a>`) with an `href`:

  ```razor
  <a href="/counter#targetElement">
  ```

* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Routing.NavLink> component with an `href`:

  ```razor
  <NavLink href="/counter#targetElement">
  ```

* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.NavigationManager.NavigateTo%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> passing the relative URL:

  ```csharp
  Navigation.NavigateTo("/counter#targetElement");
  ```

> The following example demonstrates hashed routing to named H2 headings within a component and to external components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates navigating to named H2 headings within a component and to external components.
```
